Which Linux command with vi Editor is used to delete a single character?
    The command "x" is used to delete a single character in vi Editor.

Which Linux command is used to see the available disk space in each of the partitions in your system?
   To see the available disk space in each of the partitions in your system, we can use "df" command.

Which Linux command is used to see all the hidden files?
   The "ls" command with argument "-a" can be used to see all the hidden files.

Just like the Windows Search command, which command is used in Linux?
  In Linux, the "locate" command is used to locate/search a file, just like the search command in Windows.

Which is the correct command syntax to rename a file "abc.txt" to "pqr.txt"?
  The correct command syntax to rename a file "abc.txt" to "pqr.txt" is: mv abc.txt pqr.txt

Which is the correct command syntax to locate a file containing the words "hello" and "this"?
  The correct command syntax to locate a file containing the words "hello" and "this": locate -i *hello*this

Which Linux command is used to remove files?
  The "rm" command is used to remove files in Linux.

Which Linux command is used to go back from a folder to the folder before that?
  To go back from a folder to the folder before that, we can use the Linux command "cd .." . Here, the two dots (..) represent back.

Which Linux command is used to display the content of a file?
  The "cat" command is used to display the content of a file in Linux.

If you want any command to be done with administrative or root privileges, you can use the ___ command.
  If you want any command to be done with administrative or root privileges, you can use the sudo command.

The directory is a type of file?
  Yes, the directory is a type of file.

The "sudo" command stands for ___.
  The "sudo" command stands for "superuser do".

Which Linux command is used to move files through the command line?
  The "mv" command is used to move files through the command line.

If you want to create a new directory named XYZ, which command will be used for this purpose?
  To create a new directory named XYZ, we can use "mkdir XYZ". The "mkdir" command is used to make a directory in Linux.

Which Linux command is used to copy files through the command line?
  The "cp" command is used to copy files through the command line.

Which symbol represents the top-level directory?
  The symbol "/" represents the top-level directory.

Which Linux command is used to know which directory you are in?
  To know which directory you are in, the "pwd" command can be used. The "pwd" command stands for "Present Working Directory". This command gives us the absolute path, which means the path that starts from the root.

Which argument with locate command helps us to ignore the case while searching the file in the Linux system?
  To ignore the case while searching the file in the Linux system we can use the argument "-i" with the "locate" command.

Which symbol represents the user's home directory?
  The symbol "~" represents the user's home directory.

Who founded Linux Kernel?
  Linus Torvalds founded Linux Kernel.

What is the core of the Linux operating system?
  The kernel is the core of the Linux operating system.

Which Linux command is used to count the total number of lines, words, and characters contained in a file?
  The "wc" command is used to count the number of lines, words, characters, and bytes of each given file or standard input and print the result.

Which Linux command is used to give a full listing?
  The "ls -F" command is used to see a full listing, indicating what type files are by putting a slash after directories and a star after executable files.

Which is/are the directories that come under the Binary directory?
  Binary directory contains following directories: /bin /sbin /lib /opt

Which Linux command is used to create a new file?
  The "touch" command is used to create a file.


The command ___ decompresses a file like gunzip command.
  The command "bunzip2" decompresses a file like gunzip command.

The operator __ is used to redirect the output of a command to the file by erasing all existing data of that file.
 The operator ">" is used to redirect the output of a command to the file by erasing all existing data of that file.

Which Linux command is used to display the operating system name?
  The "uname" command is used to display the operating system name.

The operator __ is used to redirect the output of a command to the file without erasing all existing data of that file.
  The operator ">>" is used to redirect the output of a command to the file without erasing all existing data of that file.

It displays the current month's calendar with the current day highlighted.
  The 'cal' term stands for the calendar. It displays the current month's calendar with the current day highlighted.

OSS stands for ___.
  OSS stands for "Open Source Software".

Compressed files or zipped files can be viewed with the help of ___ command.
  Compressed files or zipped files can be viewed with the help of 'zcat' command.

Which is the correct syntax to print the file using the default printer with multiple copies in Linux?
  The correct syntax to print the file using the default printer with multiple copies in Linux is: lp -d [printer_name] -n 5 [path or filename]

Which Linux command is used to print a file?
  The "lp" command is used to print a file.

How many types of basic permissions to grant a user?
  There are three basic permissions to grant a user, they are: read, write, and execute.

Which Linux command is used to force all buffers to disk?
  The "sync" command is used to force all buffers to disk.

Which Linux command is used to identify file type?
  The "file" command is used to identify the file type.

Which keys are used to terminate the command execution in the command prompt?
  Both the combination of the keys CTRL + C and CTRL + Pause/Break can be used to terminate the command execution in the command prompt.

The ___ command gives you your IP address in your network.
  The "hostname -I" command gives you your IP address in your network.

The operators ">" and ">>" are known as ___.
  The operators ">" and ">>" are known as Redirection operators.

Which argument and value with "lp" command specify the page orientation while printing a file?
  With "ls" command, we can use argument "-0" with value either "landscape" or "portrait" to specify the page orientation. Consider the below command syntax – lp -d [printer_name] -o landscape/portrait [path or filename]

Which Linux command is used to clear the terminal if it gets filled up with too many commands?
  The "clear" command is used to clear the terminal if it gets filled up with too many commands.

How many types of users are in Linux?
  In Linux, there are three types of users: super users, system users, and regular/normal users.

The "od" command in Linux is used to convert the content of input in different formats with the octal format as the default format.
  The named server is used with the BIND package. In Linux, the named service executes the DNS (Dynamic Name Service) server daemon. It converts hostnames to IP addresses and vice versa.

Which Linux command is used to record a user login session in a file?
  The "script" command is used to record a user login session in a file.

Which Linux command displays "cat" command's output with syntax highlighting or colorizing?
  The "ccat" command displays "cat" command's output with syntax highlighting or colorizing?

The ___ command in Linux is used to convert the content of input in different formats with the octal format as the default format.
  The "od" command in Linux is used to convert the content of input in different formats with the octal format as the default format.

Which Linux command is used to check the computer's hostname?
  The "hostname" command is used to check a computer's hostname in Linux.

Which is the correct syntax to print the file using the default printer in Linux?
  The correct syntax to print the file using the default printer in Linux is: lp -d [Printer_name] [path or filename]

Which Linux command is used to check your connection to a server?
  The "ping" command is used to check your connection to a server.


What type of path is used to reference a file or directory relative to the current working directory?
  Relative path is used to reference a file or directory relative to the current working directory

What symbol is used to represent the current directory in a relative path?
  The symbol '.' is used to represent the current directory in a relative path

What symbol is used to represent the parent directory in a relative path?
  The symbol '..' is used to represent the parent directory in a relative path

What is the difference between an absolute path and a relative path?
  An absolute path starts with the root directory while a relative path starts with the current directory

What is the symbol used to represent the parent directory in an absolute path?
  The symbol '/' is used to represent the parent directory in an absolute path

What is the command used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using an absolute path?
  The command 'cd /path/to/directory' is used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using an absolute path

What is the command used to change the current working directory to the parent directory using a relative path?
  The command 'cd ..' is used to change the current working directory to the parent directory using a relative path

What does a fully qualified name contain?
  A fully qualified name contain the path and the filename

What is the syntax of a fully qualified name?
  The syntax of a fully qualified name is '/path/to/file.txt'

What is the difference between a relative path and a fully qualified name?
  A relative path contains the file name only while a fully qualified name contains the path and the file name

What is the command used to display the fully qualified name of a file or directory?
  The command 'pwd' is used to display the fully qualified name of a file or directory

What is the command used to display the current working directory?
  The command 'pwd' is used to display the current working directory

What is the command used to change the current working directory to the home directory?
  The command 'cd ~' is used to change the current working directory to the home directory

What is the command used to change the current working directory to the root directory?
  The command 'cd /' is used to change the current working directory to the root directory

What is the command used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using a relative path?
  The command 'cd path/to/directory' is used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using a relative path

What is the command used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using an absolute path?
  The command 'cd /path/to/directory' is used to change the current working directory to a specific directory using an absolute path

What is the command used to display the contents of a directory?
  The command 'ls' is used to display the contents of a directory

What is the command used to create a new file in the current working directory?
  The command 'touch' is used to create a new file in the current working directory

What is the difference between the command 'ls' and 'ls -l'?
  ls -l shows the detailed information of the files in the directory

What is the command used to change the current working directory to the parent directory?
  The command 'cd ..' is used to change the current working directory to the parent directory

What is the command used to display the contents of a directory in a column format?
  The command 'ls -C' is used to display the contents of a directory in a column format

What is the command used to change the access and modification timestamps of a file?
  The command 'touch' is used to change the access and modification timestamps of a file

What is the command used to display the current working directory and the username of the current user?
  The command 'whoami' is used to display the username of the current user

What is the command used to change the current working directory to the root directory and list the contents in a long format?
  The command 'cd /;ls -l' is used to change the current working directory to the root directory and list the contents in a long format

What is the command used to display the contents of a directory in a long format sorted by modification time?
  The command 'ls -l --sort=time' is used to display the contents of a directory in a long format, sorted by modification time

What is the command used to display the contents of a directory in a long format sorted by file size?
  The command 'ls -S --sort=size' is used to display the contents of a directory in a long format, sorted by file size

What is the command used to display the contents of a directory in a long format sorted by file name?
  The command 'ls -l --sort=name' is used to display the contents of a directory in a long format, sorted by file name

How can you check the current user's effective user ID in Red Hat Linux?
  You can check the current user's effective user ID in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'id -u'

How can you check the current user's group ID in Red Hat Linux?
  You can check the current user's group ID in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'id -g'

How can you display the current user's real and effective user and group IDs in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the current user's real and effective user and group IDs in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'id'

How can you check the current user's username and all groups they belong to in Red Hat Linux?
  You can check the current user's username and all groups they belong to in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'id -u -G'

What command can you use to change the current user's password in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the current user's password in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'passwd'

How can you change the password for a specific user in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the password for a specific user in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'passwd [username]'

How can you force a user to change their password at their next login in Red Hat Linux?
  You can force a user to change their password at their next login in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'passwd -e [username]'

How can you check the status of the password aging for a user in Red Hat Linux?
  You can check the status of the password aging for a user in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'passwd -S [username]'

What command can you use to determine the file type in Red Hat Linux?
  You can determine the file type in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'file [filename]'

How can you view the content of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can view the content of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'cat [filename]'

How can you display the permissions for a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the permissions for a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ls -l [filename]'

How can you change the permissions for a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the permissions for a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'chmod [permissions] [filename]'

How can you display the owner and group of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the owner and group of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ls -l [filename]'

How can you change the owner of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the owner of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'chown [username] [filename]'

How can you change the group of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the group of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'chgrp [groupname] [filename]'

How can you display the number of hard links to a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the number of hard links to a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ls -l [filename]'

How can you display the last lines of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the last lines of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'tail [filename]'

How can you display the first and last lines of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the first and last lines of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'head [filename];tail [filename]'

How can you display the last 10 lines of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the last 10 lines of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'tail -n 10 [filename]'

How can you display the first 10 lines of a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the first 10 lines of a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'head -n 10 [filename]'

How can you follow the last lines of a file as it is being updated in Red Hat Linux?
  You can follow the last lines of a file as it is being updated in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'tail -f [filename]'

How can you display the last 20 lines and the number of lines in a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the last 20 lines and the number of lines in a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'tail -n 20 -l [filename]'

How can you display the last 20 lines and the number of lines and bytes in a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the last 20 lines, the number of lines and bytes in a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'tail -n 20 -lc [filename]'

How can you count the number of lines in a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can count the number of lines in a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'wc -l [filename]'

How can you count the number of words in a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can count the number of words in a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'wc -w [filename]'

How can you count the number of characters in a file in Red Hat Linux?
  You can count the number of characters in a file in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'wc -c [filename]'

What command can you use to continue a long command on another line in Red Hat Linux?
  You can continue a long command on another line in Red Hat Linux by using the '' character at the end of the first line

How can you continue a long command on another line using ampersand in Red Hat Linux?
  You can continue a long command on another line in Red Hat Linux by using an ampersand '&' at the end of the first line

How can you continue a long command on another line using new line in Red Hat Linux?
  You can continue a long command on another line in Red Hat Linux by pressing the enter/return key after the first line

What command can you use to display the history of commands in Red Hat Linux?
  You can display the history of commands in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'history'

How can you display the last 10 commands in the history?
  You can display the last 10 commands in the history by running the command 'history 10'

How can you display the commands in the history by a specific number range?
  You can display the commands in the history by a specific number range by running the command 'history [start number]:[end number]'

How can you display the commands in the history by a specific keyword?
  You can display the commands in the history by a specific keyword by running the command 'history | grep [keyword]'

Which Bash shortcut or command jumps to the beginning of the previous word on the command line?
  You can jump to the beginning of the previous word on the command line by using the shortcut 'Pressing Ctrl+LeftArrow'

Which Bash shortcut or command separates commands on the same line?
  You can separate commands on the same line by using the command separator ';'

Which Bash shortcut or command is used to clear characters from the cursor to the end of the command line?
  You can clear characters from the cursor to the end of the command line by using the shortcut 'Pressing Ctrl+K'

Which Bash shortcut or command is used to re-execute a recent command by matching the command name?
  You can re-execute a recent command by matching the command name by using the shortcut '!string'

Which Bash shortcut or command re-executes a specific command in the history list?
  You can re-execute a specific command in the history list by using the shortcut '!number'

Which Bash shortcut or command displays the list of previous commands?
  You can display the list of previous commands by using the command 'history'

Which Bash shortcut or command copies the last argument of previous commands?
  You can copy the last argument of previous commands by using the shortcut 'Pressing Ctrl+K'

How can you change the timezone in Red Hat Linux?
  You can change the timezone in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'timedatectl set-timezone'

How can you view the system log of date and time changes in Red Hat Linux?
  You can view the system log of date and time changes in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'timedatectl log'

How can you configure NTP service in Red Hat Linux?
  You can configure NTP service in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ntp -config'

How can you check the status of the NTP service in Red Hat Linux?
  You can check the status of the NTP service in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ntp -status'

How can you start the NTP service in Red Hat Linux?
  You can start the NTP service in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ntp -start'

How can you stop the NTP service in Red Hat Linux?
  You can stop the NTP service in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ntp -stop'

How can you set the hardware clock to the current system time in Red Hat Linux?
  You can set the hardware clock to the current system time in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'hwclock -s'

How can you set the system time to the current hardware clock time in Red Hat Linux?
  You can set the system time to the current hardware clock time in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'hwclock -w'

How can you compare the system time with the hardware clock time in Red Hat Linux?
  You can compare the system time with the hardware clock time in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'hwclock -c'

How can you view the system log of the NTP service in Red Hat Linux?
  You can view the system log of the NTP service in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'ntplog'

How can you set the date and time in the hardware clock to a specific value in Red Hat Linux?
  You can set the date and time in the hardware clock to a specific value in Red Hat Linux by running the command 'hwclock -set'


What is the directory that contains user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/home'

What is the directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/tmp'

What is the directory that contains dynamic data such as for databases and websites in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains dynamic data, such as for databases and websites in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/var'

What is the administrative superuser's home directory in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The administrative superuser's home directory in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/root'

What is the directory that contains regular commands and utilities in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains regular commands and utilities in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr/bin'

What is the directory that contains non-persistent process runtime data in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains non-persistent process runtime data in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/run'

What is the directory that contains installed software programs and libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains installed software programs and libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr'

What is the directory that contains software and application files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains software and application files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr'

What is the directory that contains the system's command binaries in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's command binaries in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/bin'

What is the directory that contains library files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains library files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/lib'

What is the directory that contains user-specific configuration files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains user-specific configuration files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/home/user'

What is the directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/tmp'

What is the directory that contains system log files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains system log files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/var/log'

What is the directory that contains shared libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains shared libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/lib'

What is the directory that contains the software packages in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the software packages in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/opt'

What is the directory that contains the system's startup scripts in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's startup scripts in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/etc/init.d'

What is the directory that contains the system's device files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's device files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/dev'

What is the directory that contains the system's process information files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's process information files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/proc'

What is the directory that contains the system's mounted file systems in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's mounted file systems in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/mnt'

What is the directory that contains the system's backup files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's backup files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/var/backup'

What is the directory that contains the system's persistent data files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's persistent data files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/srv/data'

What is the directory that contains the system's installed software in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's installed software in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/opt/software'

What is the directory that contains the system's user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/home'

What is the directory that contains the system's run-time state information in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's run-time state information in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/run'

What is the directory that contains the system's shared resources in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's shared resources in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr/share'

What is the directory that contains the system's static files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains the system's static files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/var/www/static'

What is the top of the system's file system hierarchy in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The top of the system's file system hierarchy in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/'

What is the directory that contains user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains user home directories in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/home'

What is the directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains temporary files in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/tmp'

What is the directory that contains dynamic data such as for databases and websites in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains dynamic data, such as for databases and websites in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/var'

What is the administrative superuser's home directory in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The administrative superuser's home directory in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/root'

What is the directory that contains regular commands and utilities in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains regular commands and utilities in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr/bin'

What is the directory that contains non-persistent process runtime data in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains non-persistent process runtime data in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/run'

What is the directory that contains installed software programs and libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains installed software programsand libraries in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/usr'

What is the directory that contains persistent system-specific configuration data in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The directory that contains persistent, system-specific configuration data in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/etc'

What is the top of the system's file system hierarchy in the Linux file system hierarchy?
  The top of the system's file system hierarchy in the Linux file system hierarchy is '/'
